"""
Many men wonder what is wrong with them regarding women.

Here is a compiled list of a few things that women complain about regarding men.

Something interesting of note is that some of these complaints are actually beta-bait.

They are things that women complain about in relationships in order to beta-ize their partner.

In other words, some of these complaints are actually shit tests in disguise.

If you bend to them, you become beta and she’ll lose sexual attraction for you.

Some of these are genuine complaints that men could work on in order to improve their relationships.

Let’s separate the wheat from the chaff, shall we?

1 – Men Are Too Distant

This complaint is actually beta bait.

Men who are “distant” are actually attractive to women, especially if a woman sees that man as emotionally distant.

A distant man communicates subtly that he doesn’t have time for the girl and so she chases him, hoping to gain his attention, which he never fully gives.

He’s too busy for that.

When she complains about this, what she’s really complaining about is the fact that the man doesn’t put her above the other things in his life.

Ironically, it is this very fact that makes her so attracted to him.

It is one of the behaviors you should never change.

You should actively maintain a cold wall, a part of you that women can never touch.

This makes them want to get to know you more deeply, and they lose themselves in the chase of getting to know everything about you.

Being distant is actually wonderful for maintaining attraction.

Do not allow yourself to become beta-ized by listening to this one!

2 – Men Aren’t Sensitive to Women’s Emotional Needs

This one is quite similar to the first one.

What this means in womanese is: “he doesn’t agree with my drama enough”.

Again, an alpha should never put himself in the frame of talking to women about their emotional problems or their problems with other men.

That is for the losers in her life, and not for you.

If you start to “deep-dive” into her feelings, you can expect her attraction for you to decrease.

Men are, in general, supposed to be more stoic and less emotional.

You do not want to change this aspect of yourself just because she complains about it.

Men and women are different, and this complaint is basically saying that the man isn’t comparable to one of her girlfriends in emotional depth.

The average man is entirely incapable of matching the average woman’s emotional depth due to our innate biological differences.

It is not something to complain about, rather, it simply is how it is.

...
"""
